`azurerm_kubernetes_cluster` & `azurerm_kubernetes_cluster_node_pool`:  Support for `node_labels` (#5531)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `max_pods` - (Optional) The maximum number of pods that can run on each agent. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `node_labels` - (Optional) A map of Kubernetes labels which should be applied to nodes in the agent pool (e.g `{"name": "value"}`).

Reviewer: could we make this:

```suggestion
* `node_labels` - (Optional) A map of Kubernetes labels which should be applied to nodes in the Default Node Pool.
```

(since this is a Map users can imply it's:

```
foo = {
  Hello = "World"
}
```

as such we can remove this example)
